the South Sudan conflict between forces
loyal to President Salva Kiir and his
implacable 4dr react michelle has so far
claimed about 700 lives as a result of
fighting many Ugandans were dropped in
the restive capital of Juba a UPDF elite
unit the Special Forces Command today
with the permission of chaos government
flew a plane to Juba to evacuate yu
gardens new PDF has deployed a small
force the mission there is to evacuate
stranded you gardens and this has been
authorized by the government of thousand
over 100 people a majority of which are
you garnets and 15 Chinese nationals
were flown back to Entebbe however Ford
them were critically injured well I was
is a humanitarian mission we are
assisting those stranded civilians be
very gunman's or others if we approached
by some other country to assist we could
as well bring them in there are so many
people in un in UNICEF most of them they
don't have food and some other people
still hiding them charge they are rooms
but having nothing like food having
nothing like water and some other people
are sick foreign affairs ministers from
eager have also traveled to Juba as
regional leaders continue to mal of a
peaceful settlement to the conflict the
main purpose of the mission is to get
the government and all other parties to
immediately engage in dialogue as the
only viable and sustainable solution to
the crisis it is estimated that about
600 you gardens are camped at the
country's embassy in Juba as they wait
to be evacuated at least three Indian
peacekeepers were killed in the
flashpoint state of Jonglei following an
attack on the United Nations best by
militia lower to the renegade general
peter cadet according to reports done
well led militia targeted Dinka
ethnicity what sought refuge at the UN
best did not serve at this time because
for them now they are waiting for us
outside here if you go say they can't
kill you the United Nations
secretary-general ban ki-moon has
them the acts more than thirty thousand
civilians have also sought refuge in the
UN facilities in five state capitals
including Juba and bore so he'll Mugabe
NTV